Privacy Policy Thank you for trusting and using the service! According to the latest laws, regulations and regulatory policy requirements, the "Privacy Policy" has been updated. This update further clarifies how we collect and use your information and how to store your information, and we have refined the rules for the collection and processing of personal information of children (minors under the age of 14) and how children use our products and services And inform the children and their guardians of the ways in which they understand and control their personal information.

I hope you read carefully and fully understand this "Privacy Policy", and understand how we collect, use, store, process and protect this information when using our products and services, as well as the methods we provide you to understand and control this information , So that you can better understand our products and services and make appropriate choices. At the same time, we attach great importance to the protection of minors’ personal information, but we cannot guarantee that we can accurately and truly know your age at all times. Therefore, we strongly recommend that before using our products and services, if you are a minor or you have minor children, please note that minors should carefully read this "Privacy Policy" and "Privacy Policy" with their parents or guardians. "Children’s Privacy Policy" and make appropriate choices after the interpretation of your parents or guardians; if you are the parent or guardian of a minor, please confirm that you have explained this "Privacy Policy" and "Children Privacy Policy" and agree, educate, and guide the minors under your supervision to use our products and services, and submit personal information to us.

Special instructions for child guardians:

If you are the guardian (parent) of a child user, please read carefully and choose whether to agree to the "Children's Privacy Policy". We hope that you work with us to protect children’s personal information, educate and guide children to enhance their awareness and ability in personal information protection, and guide, remind and require them not to provide any personal information to any product and service provider without your consent information.

Special instructions for children:

If you are a minor under the age of 14, you need to read this statement carefully with your guardian, and after obtaining the consent of your guardian, use our products, services or provide us with information.

If you use or continue to use our products and services, you agree or have obtained the consent of your parents or guardians (if you are a minor) in accordance with this "Privacy Policy" and "Children's Privacy Policy" to collect, Use, store, process and protect your information.

How we collect and use your information
1.1 In accordance with the principles of lawfulness, justification and necessity, we will collect the information you actively provide when you use the service or generated by using the service in the following ways to provide you with services, optimize our services, and protect your account security .

1.2 The personal information you provide during registration and login and how we use it:

(1) If you use other methods to register and log in to related products, we will collect mobile phone numbers, email addresses, user names, and passwords. If you only need to browse, search, audition, audition and other functions, you do not need to register or log in, nor provide the above information. If you do not provide your mobile phone number, you will not be able to use your mobile phone number to log in and verify the function, but it will not affect your use of our other services.

(2) If you log in to related products with a third-party account (such as WeChat\QQ, etc.), we will collect the personal information of your third-party account (including avatar, nickname and other information you provide), you can log in on the associated login page Choose whether to authorize or create a new avatar, nickname, and other personal information that can be modified. We and the third party will verify in a de-identified manner. The verification information we collect during this process has no information that can identify a specific individual, except for the aforementioned avatar, nickname and other information provided by you. We need you to confirm that you have completed the real-name authentication with the third party before logging in with the third-party account. If you do not agree to the third-party account login, you will not be able to use the third-party account login verification function, but it will not affect your use of our other services.

(3) If you use the one-key login function of your own phone number, with your consent, the operator will send us your mobile phone number so that we can provide you with fast login services. The operator will provide you with a mobile phone number login Internet application Certification services. If you do not agree to the one-key login of your local number, you will not be able to use the one-key login function, but it will not affect your normal use of our other services.

(4) We collect mobile phone numbers, WeChat, QQ and other accounts to provide you with account login services and to protect your account security.

1.3 The information you actively provide in the product or service and how we use it:

(1) Such as the nickname, avatar, gender, region, birthday, occupation, personal signature, hobbies and interests you provided when editing your personal information. This information will help us better understand you and provide you with better services.

(2) If you are using the functions of becoming an anchor, identity authentication, and making friends, according to relevant laws and regulations, you need to provide the information required for identity authentication services. Such information includes name, gender, age, constellation, region, mobile phone number, ID card, ID number, facial features, voiceprint information, occupation, introduction, school, department, school year, address, and relevant identification information. Name, age, gender, mobile phone number, ID card, ID card number, facial features, and voiceprint information are personal sensitive information. After obtaining your consent, we will use encryption technology to collect, transmit, and store, and only use it for real names The purposes specified by certification and laws and regulations will not be used for other purposes without your express authorization.

(3) If you are a qualified intellectual property complainant and have filed a complaint, you need your identification information, as well as the name, stage name, mobile phone number, mailing address, and e-mail address provided when you contact us. Your communication records and reply content will be saved.

(4) If you use the local music playback function, we will collect local music from your terminal device, music and video related activities and media database. You can stop our collection of the aforementioned local music by turning off the storage permission. Once you cancel the authorization, we will no longer continue to collect it.

1.4 The information we obtain when you use our products and services and how we use them:

1.4.1 In order to ensure your normal use of our products and services, maintain the normal operation of our products and services, improve and optimize your service experience and protect your account security, we will collect the following information about you:

(1) Log information: When you use our products and services, we may automatically collect relevant information and store it as service log information. Such as login account, IP address, search records, listening and viewing records, web browsing records, publishing records, follow and sharing records, service failure information, etc.

(2) Device information: such as device model, operating system version, storage status, unique device identifier (including IMEI (International Mobile Equipment Identity), IMSI (International Mobile User Identity), Android ID), battery, signal strength, Access to the network, type and status, network quality data, device settings, device accelerators (such as gravity sensing devices), Bluetooth status, etc. In order to collect the above device information, we will apply for the permission to access your device information. If you refuse to provide the aforementioned permission, it may result in the inability to prevent risks such as abnormal login of your account, or the inability to use monthly or free data services.

(3) Software information: such as software version number, browser type, software process, etc. In order to ensure the security of the operating environment or provide services, we will obtain information about the installed mobile applications and other software on the terminal device through the terminal device system you use after you agree to this "Privacy Policy", such as the user's use in music For some functions, we need to tune up live broadcast, sing, short cool, ringtones, fish sounds, lead companions, etc.

1.4.2 Location information:

(1) Based on the geographical restrictions authorized by the copyright owner of the song, we will collect your geographic location information through IP address, GPS, WiFi or base station to determine whether you are in the copyright authorized area. GPS location information is personal sensitive information. If you do not provide it, you may not be able to get the song playback function, but it will not affect your use of our other services.

(2) When you use the regional leaderboards, release works, running modes, and nearby functions, we will collect your precise geographic location information and real-time exercise information. The precise geographic location information is used to provide exercise trajectories, running records, Running radio stations, nearby people services, and syncing your work to regional leaderboards allows you to view the leaderboards in your area and show your position in the dynamic. The real-time exercise information is to match the music intelligently according to the cadence. Accurate location information is personal sensitive information. If you do not provide this information, you may not be able to use the regional leaderboards in the fixed stage, the location function in the published work, the running mode, and the nearby function, but it does not affect your use of our other services.

1.4.3 Terminal playback device information:

In order to provide you with convenient songs and recommend better music playback effects, if you use headphones, speakers, car and other terminal playback devices at the same time when using music services, we will recognize the terminal you are using through Bluetooth, DLNA and other technologies Play equipment.

1.4.4 Music playback record information:

When you use our services, we will collect your music playback records, collections, purchase records and listening songs rankings, so that you can view your playback history, and generate your listening songs report for you. We will also collect the audio, video, and channel information that you add to the playlist and subscription function, so that you can play the music you are interested in and access your subscribed content more easily and quickly. Your play history, song rankings, playlists, favorites, subscriptions, and purchase information will be stored on our server. You can use the membership service to upload local files through a private music cloud disk so that you can use the above functions when logging in through multiple terminal devices , You can also delete this information on any terminal at any time, or you can choose to restore it in the song recycle bin in accordance with the platform rules.

1.5 Log information, device information, software information, terminal playback device information, and music playback record information cannot identify specific personally identifiable information. If we use the obtained personally identifiable information in combination with the above non-personally identifiable information, we will use it in the process Use security protection technology to anonymize and de-identify personal information.

1.6 In order to allow you to have a better experience, improve our services or other purposes agreed upon by you, we may use de-identified information for our following services, subject to relevant laws and regulations:

1.6.1 We will analyze the operation of our products and the security of your account based on the frequency and situation of your use of our products, fault information, performance information, account abnormalities, multi-terminal login, abnormal traffic, and frequent refund requests, etc., to ensure Service security, and optimize our products, improve our service quality.

1.6.2 We will conduct data analysis and research based on the above information obtained when you use products or services, improve our content layout and promotion effects, and provide product or service support for business decisions. Use anonymous data for machine learning or model algorithm training, and perform indirect crowd portraits based on feature tags to provide you with content and activities that may be of interest to you. In this process, we use security protection technology to anonymize and de-identify personal information, and will not disclose your personal identity information. If you want to receive more different recommended content or temporarily stop using this kind of personalized recommendation service, you can turn off the "personalized content" in the music settings, or you can delete the playback history, unfollow, unfavorite, etc. The relevance of the recommended content to you.

1.6.3 We will provide you with personalized advertising based on your playback history, browsing preferences, and the combination of the above information. We can inform third-party partners how many people may view, click, and download advertisements so that third-party partners can evaluate the effects of advertisements and other promotions and promotional activities. In this process, we use security protection technology to anonymize and de-identify personal information, and will not disclose your personal identity information. You can turn off "targeted advertising push" by turning off the music settings, or you can choose to skip and exit this type of advertising.

1.7 The information shared by other users contains your information and how we use it

For example, comments, replies, photos, audios, and videos posted by other users may contain your information. We will not be able to modify the information of other users, and the truthful display may contain your information. If you believe that your personal information is infringed, please contact us for processing through the complaint and contact information in Article 11 below.

1.8 Please understand that the functions and services we provide to you are constantly updated and developed. If a function or service is not listed in the foregoing description and your personal information is collected, we will use page prompts, interactive processes, and website announcements. In order to obtain your consent, we will separately explain to you the content, scope and purpose of information collection.

1.9 Reminders on personal information and personal sensitive information

We will do our best to protect your information for the above personal information and personal sensitive information. If you do not provide this information, you may not be able to use our related services normally, but it will not affect your use of other functions in the service. If you take the initiative to provide your personal information and personal sensitive information, it means that you agree to our use of your personal information and personal sensitive information in accordance with the purposes and methods described in this Privacy Policy.

How we store your information
2.1 Where to store information

We abide by laws and regulations and store the personal information of users collected in China in China. We currently do not transfer or store your personal information across borders. In the future, if cross-border transmission or storage is required, we will inform you of the purpose, recipient, security assurance measures and security risks of the information going abroad, and obtain your consent.

2.2 Duration of information storage

Generally speaking, we only store your personal information for the shortest time necessary to achieve the purpose or under the conditions stipulated by laws and regulations, and delete or anonymize your personal information after the personal information retention period has expired. However, in the following cases, we may change the storage time of personal information on the premise of complying with laws and regulations:

(1) To comply with relevant laws and regulations;

(2) To comply with court judgments, rulings or other legal procedures;

(3) To comply with the requirements of relevant government agencies or legally authorized organizations;

(4) Purposes reasonably necessary to implement relevant service agreements or this "Privacy Policy", safeguard the public interest, and protect the personal and property safety or other legal rights of our customers, us or our affiliates, other users or employees .

(5) Other laws and regulations or other circumstances authorized by you.

2.3 How to store information

We will store your information through security technical protection measures, including local storage, data cache, database and server logs.

2.4 When our products or services cease to operate, we will take appropriate methods (such as push notifications, site messages, announcements, etc.) to notify you, and delete or anonymize them within a reasonable period of time
